Where are you?
Didn't I give you this dress?
You are the one who seduced the emperor.
That woman, isn't she?
Slaves are free.
The slaves always wear their own clothes.
The emperor didn't say what the blue girl looked like just now.
He didn t seem to see the woman s face.
She wore this dress for the Lord.
Yes.
All right.
Your Majesty is waiting for us to find the King.
Go.
Mr. Phan
Four Hy Seedlings
Help me!
Help you.
You die without regret.
Who are you?
Me...
Mother's Daughter Embroidered Miao House
Miss.
You have avenged Thu Niang.
Injustice has a debt owner.
Your mother is a dead woman.
Ruin good people.
No one.
Bad people.
I will not let go of one of the four.
Wow.
Ah.
The right arm of the noble master Mi
Pan's father and Choi's mother were broken up the night before.
Now there's only four of them left.
Really.
Looks like this tree.
Loyalty to the owner.
The police did not look at the wrong person.
Have you ever told your majesty that you have not been well lately?
Ask to see him.
Back to the owner.
His Majesty.
What about Your Majesty?
Lord, please tell your majesty.
The beauty in blue has found
What is this dog doing looking at the bow like that?
If you find it, wait here.
I report to Your Majesty.
The first bow.
When the real blue woman shows up
Sneaky kill her.
Yes.
You are the blue beauty